docs: fix upgrade_database.rst (#7036)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/installation/upgrade_database.rst

What has been changed
=====================
- The functionality in CI3 is basically the same as in CI4.

> - `Database Caching <https://www.codeigniter.com/userguide3/database/caching.html>`_ in CI3 is removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Database Caching <https://www.codeigniter.com/userguide3/database/caching.html>`_ functionality known from CI3 was removed.
```

    - ``$this->db->select_max('age');`` to ``$builder->selectMax('age');``
    - ``$this->db->join('comments', 'comments.id = blogs.id');`` to ``$builder->join('comments', 'comments.id = blogs.id');``
    - ``$this->db->having('user_id',  45);`` to ``$builder->having('user_id',  45);``
6. CI4 does not provide `Database Caching <https://www.codeigniter.com/userguide3/database/caching.html>`_

>    in CI3, so if you need to cache the result, use :doc:`../libraries/caching` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   layer known from CI3, so if you need to cache the result, use :doc:`../libraries/caching` instead.
```
